Brothers and sisters, your generous contributions
are what make theocratic events like this one possible,
including the obtaining of the audio video equipment required.
However, the same technology is not readily available
for conventions everywhere.
In some countries, large video screens
or high-quality speakers are simply not obtainable
due to logistical reasons or perhaps political unrest
in the country.
But whatever the circumstances,
what's important for Jehovah's Organization
is that everyone is spiritually fed.
Take this convention in a refugee settlement
in Western Uganda as an example.
Television screens were transported on unpaved roads
through forest, tea plantations, and small villages.
Similar setups with television screens were used
in other countries as well.
At times, large video walls are used,
making it easier for a larger audience
to see all the beautiful videos that were produced
for the convention.
For example, in Brazil,
video screens were used at 167 regional conventions.
These screens are owned by the organization
and were sent to one convention after another.
Traveling a distance equal to more than twice around the earth.
And in Sweden, a mobile control room was used
to coordinate and synchronize the video
and audio production of the convention
in four spoken languages and three sign languages.
These are only a few examples of what Jehovah's Organization does
in order to arrange conventions around the world
to spiritually build up Jehovah's people.
But this would not be possible without your contributions.
Also, as was the case here in the United States,
oftentimes a decision is made to purchase equipment
that is used frequently instead of paying for a rental each time,
which can be very expensive.